---
title: Monthly General Meeting, August 2021
author: Swant
excerpt: >
  Approval of new members, preparations for chair elections, staff and
  member activity, staff recruiting, bridging, nickname expiration, and
  a follow up on transparency - real names on the website
---

## Propositions and motions

### Approval of new members

The meeting approved two new staff for membership.
Current staff and members are listed on the [about page](/about).

### Preparations for chair elections

Discussions were started in preparation for future chair elections, there has
been interest from some members to rotate this position on a regular basis,
this option was discussed. Key qualities for potential chair candidates were
identified and suggestions were made around how to mentor people into board
and chair roles.

## Other questions

### Staff and member activity

Discussions were held around an option to downgrade quorum members to ordinary
members in cases of prolonged absence where the member may not have notified
the organisation, similar discussions were held for completely absent staff
members and potential options for the organisation to limit access that
imposes security risks until they are in a better position to stay in
the loop. Based on the learnings from this discussion working groups were
spun off to work on proposals.

### Staff recruiting

There were discussions around the process of approaching and identifying
potential candidates for staff, as well as the process for mentoring new
staff members. Two potential candidates were brought to the meeting, the
meeting agreed to extend invitations to them. A working group was spun off to
work on one potential path for identifying further candidates.

### Bridging

Discussion around various means of double-bridging was held since it may
cause channels to become too large for clients to handle, while it is also
recognised as a valid need for several projects. The meeting landed on
discussing these instances of excessive double-bridging with the channel
operators on a case-by-case basis where alternatives for more efficient
bridging can be presented. Some information around this was recently added
to our [FAQ](/guides/faq#can-i-connect-with-matrix).

### Nickname expiration

Options for making it more clear when a nick has expired were explored,
discussions on potential implications those options may have on the nick
expiration time were started and slated for further discussion on an upcoming
monthly general meeting.

### Transparency - real names on the website

Projects, communities, and sponsors had been consulted for opinions on
removing realnames of members from our website per the
[July MGM][jul-2021-mgm]. Feedback was positive or neutral. With this feedback
realnames were made optional on the website, due to time constraints further
discussions will be held at a later time around keeping it optional or not
listing any realnames.

[jul-2021-mgm]: /minutes/2021-07-27-mgm-minutes#transparency---real-names-on-the-website
