---
title: Monthly General Meeting, November 2021
author: moonmoon
excerpt: >
  Rescheduling the December MGM, update on chair elections, data retention,
  sponsor recognition, policy to forbid doxing, allowing board members to lose
  quorum status, reducing the number of grouped nicknames, server-side
  filtering, and group contact engagement.
---

## Propositions and motions

### Rescheduling the December MGM

The December 2021 MGM will be a very brief meeting and will be held on a
different day than the regularly-scheduled Monthly General Meeting slot to
allow more staff to attend.

### Update on chair elections

The working group from the
[October 2021 MGM](/minutes/2021-10-29-public#preparations-for-chair-elections)
presented a living document outlining the responsibilities of the chair.
Further discussion noted that the [bylaws](/bylaws) do not allow for members
to step down from the board or from their position as an auditor. A working
group was formed to consider this and draft an amendment to the bylaws if
they find changes are necessary.

### Update on data retention

Discussions that were started on the
[October 2021 MGM](/minutes/2021-10-29-public#data-retention)
around data retention for abuse mitigation data continued, particularly
with respect to the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and enhanced
technological measures to help ensure compliance with retention periods.

### Sponsor recognition

Where and how we recognise our sponsors was discussed. The organisation
indicated a preference to keeping sponsor recognition limited to the
[sponsors page](/sponsors) on the website and in server MOTDs.

## Other questions

### Policy to forbid doxing

A proposed addition to our network policies to explicitly forbid doxing
was discussed. The organisation indicated a preference towards adopting
such a policy. A working group was formed to draft the policy's wording and
present it at a future meeting.

### Allowing board members to lose quorum status

A proposed change to our bylaws such that board members are no longer
automatically quorum members was discussed. This would work in tandem with
the bylaw change approved in the
[September 2021 MGM](/minutes/2021-09-24-mgm-minutes#bylaws-expiry-of-quorum-status-for-inactive-members)
so that inactive board members could lose quorum membership should they become
inactive.

### Reducing the number of grouped nicknames

A proposed change to our network configuration to reduce the maximum number
of nicknames that may be grouped to a single account was discussed. A working
group was formed to gather data on the number of nicknames grouped to each
account, to be presented at a future meeting for more informed discussion.

### Server-side filtering

The use and ethics of server-side filtering was discussed. The organisation
indicated a preference that server-side filtering serves a legitimate need,
but any uses of it should be well-justified.

### Group contact engagement

There was a discussion around ways to increase engagement with group contacts.
The organisation indicated that our current methods of soliciting feedback
from group contacts do not seem to be very effective, particularly with
regards to staff recruitment from their communities. A working group was
formed to consider ways to increase engagement with group contacts.
